Milestone 1:- 

The identified users for the problem statement are Students, Support Staff and Admins. They are categorized as primary, secondary and tertiary users respectively. 

Student: 
As a student, I want to be able to create a ticket for my specific concern or query, so that I can continue learning without any technical and administrative difficulties since this is an online degree. 

Support Staff:
As a member of the support staff, I would want to solve all the tickets which are addressed to me and notify the student post resolving, so that the student can clear his inhibitions and continue learning. 

Admin:-
As an admin, I want to be able to create a dynamic FAQ list, so that it will be useful to future students and also decrease the burden of tickets on the support staff. 




Student (Primary User):

    1. As a student, I want to be able to access a list of existing tickets and upvote the desired ticket, so that I can be notified when that query is answered.
    2. As a student, I want to be able to raise a ticket in the desired category, so that the support staff can attend to my concern.
    3. As a student, I want to be able to access the dynamic FAQ’s page, so that I can see if my query has been addressed already.
    4. As a student, I want to be able to access the Important Links page, so that I can browse through content easily without the need for creating a query.

Support staff (Secondary User):

    1. As a support staff member, I want to filter and address the tickets based on the category,  so that I can answer the queries which need immediate attention.

Support Admin (Tertiary User):

    1. As a support admin, I want to be able to update the dynamic FAQ’s page, so that the students can get their doubts clarified without raising a ticket.
    2. As a support admin, I want to be able to update the important links page, so that the students can refer to various resources without raising a ticket.
    3. As a support admin, I want to be able to create categories for tickets, so that the student can raise a ticket under their desired category.



